{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red245\green245\blue245;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c96863\c96863\c96863;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25940\viewh14980\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Our Mission\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs34 \cf2 \cb3 Model It Inc. offers superior cutting edge interactive technology that allows of consumers to use our app to model beauty and fashion products from the comfort of their home. Our team will ensure that our consumers feel included by giving them a chance to try out different products without having to spend hundreds and thousands of dollars on items they aren\'92t certain about.\cb1 \
\cb3 The Company and Management\cb1 \
\cb3 Model It\'a0Inc. is headquartered in the City of Chicago. The company is owned by\'a0partners\'a0Akili and Kiani London. Akili has extensive experience in technology while Kiani has worked in\'a0the cosmetology and marketing\'a0industry for 10 years.\cb1 \
\cb3 The management of Pet Grandma\'a0Inc. consists of co-owners Akili London and Kiani London. As co-partners we will be taking hands-on management roles in the company. In addition, we have assembled a\'a0board of advisors\'a0to provide management expertise. The advisors are:\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a01. Milan Sydney\'a0partner\'a0at Sydney Accounting LLP\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a02. Missy George, Cosmetologist and partner at Cutts by Kiani \
\'a03. Usanti Ujiima, president of U Communications Ltd.\cb1 \
\cb3 Our Services\cb1 \
\cb3 Our clients are men and women who love online shopping but are skeptical to purchase on beauty and fashion items without fully knowing how these item would compliment their vanity and improve their lives.  Model It\'a0Inc. offers a variety of custom modeling services,\'a0all in the your home environment, including:\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Facial scanning features \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Customizable models \cb1 which include but aren\'92t limited to:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		hair type selection, skin color, nail length, shoe size, clothing size, etc.\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Administration of fashion advice by qualified staff\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Personalized log of favorite and least favorite products\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
24-hour customer service \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Partnerships with name brand companies for purchasing products\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 The Market\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Across\'a0the United States of America\'a0the online shopping business has seen an explosion of growth over the last decade.The United States of America is an affluent area with a high density of online shopping . Our\'a0market research\'a0has shown that 61% of smartphones users are more likely to buy from mobile site and app that customize information to their location. The proves that because our app is also fundamentally wired to connect with consumers environment that our app will follow our usage projections. \
Our Competitive Advantages\cb1 \
\cb3 While there are currently a few businesses offering a virtual dressing room only one of these offer \'93look-alike\'94 models. Though these business are limited to clothing and do not have features to incorporate yourself as the model. \
Model It Inc.\'92s\'a0marketing strategy\'a0is to emphasize the quality of virtual dressing rooms, makeup and hair studios, in the comfort of your own home, and the availability of our services. Online shoppers who work hard for their money, for instance, will have comfort to know that their home is their OWN personalized dressing room and makeup and hair studio. All modeling app services will be provided by cosmetology  certified staff.\cb1  \cb3 All employees are\'a0insured and bonded.\cb1 \
\cb3 Financial Projections\cb1 \
\cb3 Based on the size of our market and our defined market area, our\'a0sales projections\'a0for the first year are $540,000. We project a growth rate of 10% per year for the first three years.\cb1 \
\cb3 Start-up Financing Requirements\cb1 \
\cb3 We are seeking an operating line of $150,000 to finance our first-year growth. Together, the co-owners have invested $50,000 to meet working capital requirements.}